[yaml] backtick generated aliases on sql mappings (#30895)
apache/beam: website/www/site/content/en/documentation/sdks/yaml-udf.md

      another_col: "col2 + col3"
```

keeping in mind that any fields not intended to be included in the output should be added to the `drop` field.

> If one wanted to select a field that collides with a[reserved SQL keyword](https://calcite.apache.org/docs/reference.html#keywords), the field(s) must be surrounded inbackticks. For example, say the incoming PCollection has a field "timestamp", one would have to write:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If one wanted to select a field that collides with a [reserved SQL keyword](https://calcite.apache.org/docs/reference.html#keywords), the field(s) must be surrounded in backticks. For example, say the incoming PCollection has a field "timestamp", one would have to write:
```

Reviewer: FYI, this is still pending (and blocking merging)

Reviewer: Note there are also now conflicts which need resolved

Author: Done.

> If one wanted to select a field that collides with a[reserved SQL keyword](https://calcite.apache.org/docs/reference.html#keywords), the field(s) must be surrounded in backticks. For example, say the incoming PCollection has a field "timestamp", one would have to write:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If one wanted to select a field that collides with a [reserved SQL keyword](https://calcite.apache.org/docs/reference.html#keywords), the field(s) must be surrounded in backticks. For example, say the incoming PCollection has a field "timestamp", one would have to write:
```

I'm just going to apply this so that it gets in before the cut
